welcome to Japanese cooking 101 today we
are making miso lemon lemon is a very
popular Japanese noodle dish as many of
you know but have you had me Salomon the
pork based profits nicely seasoned with
miso with a bit of chili paste these are
the ingredients our secret to make the
most authentic demand outside of Japan
is by using pasta yes we are talking
about Italian spaghetti last time when
we did lamb and recipe we used fresh
angel hair pasta which was quite good
our new favorite though is dried thin
spaghetti we boil pasta with some baking
soda that is the key ingredients to add
unique flavor of lamin noodles to
regular pasta for broth we use ground
pork green onion fresh ginger and garlic
kombu dried kelp sugar soy sauce sake
miso sesame oil and chili paste for
topping we have sliced the yaki buta
which is Japanese roast pork we have a
great recipe posted on our site just
watch our video if you haven't already
and some corn sauteed with a bit of
butter and soft-boiled egg for more
information about the ingredient please
go to our website japanese cooking
101.com
okay let's begin first we prepare the
broth slice up ginger and crush a couple
of garlic
we also grate one clove of garlic and
set aside this will be added later in
green onion trim the end and we use some
for the broth and slice the rest thinly
for topping and set aside in water we
add ginger and crushed garlic kombu
and add ground pork and green onion and
turn on the heat and close the lid and
boil for 15 minutes now turn off the
heat and strain and we use the clear
broth as the base of the soup and now we
are going to season it add sugar soy
sauce sake and miso paste and a bit of
chili paste and stir and let it simmer
meanwhile we are going to cook pasta in
a boiling water at baking soda be
careful and make sure you use a large
pot and add pasta and cook the pasta
according to the package that's all and
the noodles going to taste like a real
authentic lemon while boiling the pasta
we'll finish up the soup add the freshly
grated garlic and sesame oil this should
be done shortly before the pasta is
cooked and soup is served timing is
everything here okay the pasta is ready
strained and immediately divide noodles
into balls make sure all of the toppings
are ready to serve at soup and top with
a couple of slices of yaki buta the
roast pork sauteed corn with butter boil
the egg and chopped green onion you can
spend hours or days to make ultimate
London just like those popular lemon
shops in
but here we make our allotment very
simple yet scrumptious or she was she